fix: Extender load on refresh (#3678)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer/CHANGELOG.md

### Bug fixes

> - Fixes a bug where USS files and data set vscode editors access via an extender (ssh, ftp, etc) are not restored when reloading/reopening a window. [#3678](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3678)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where USS files and data set vscode editors accessed by an extender (ssh, ftp, etc) are not restored when reloading/reopening a window. [#3678](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3678)
```
